---
id: version-1.0.0-Director_Dashboard
sidebar_label: Director Dashboard
title: Director Dashboard
original_id: Director_Dashboard
---

# Director Dashboard

You can view a dashboard with Entota™ centric metrics and information.
You must have permissions to the Director persona in Admin to access the
dashboard. Refer to [Add a User](Add_a_User_to_Entota.md) for
more information. Once you have Persona set to Director, the dashboard
is displayed as soon as you log in.

>**NOTE:** The dashboard is generally updated once daily, but can be
updated more frequently. Refer to the date and time stamp in the upper
right corner of the dashboard to see when it was last updated.

To navigate the dashboard:

1.  To leave the dashboard and access another component, for example,
    Strategy or Admin, click the icon in the Applications panel.
    
    ![](Resources/Images/IGC_Dashboard_1.png)

2.  To return to the dashboard from anywhere in the Entota™, click the
    Entota™ (![](Resources/Images/IGC_Dashboard_2.png).md) logo.

Where available, you can use the timeframe drop-down to update the date
range of the metrics displayed in the dashboard charts and tables.

![](Resources/Images/timeframe_dropdown.png)

## Strategy Metrics

The Strategy Metrics charts allow you to view the status of the assets
in the Entota™. This can provide you with an indicator of how well the
company or program is doing in achieving its goals and initiatives.

On the status charts, you can click a status legend to remove it from
the total and percentages. Click the legend again to include it.

Use the scroll options as needed to scroll and display the full list of
statuses.

You can hover over the descriptions in the chart titles to show the
complete description.

![](Resources/Images/Strategy_Metrics_2.png)

### Goals Status by Strategy

You can view a percentage-based summary of the statuses of goals within
a strategy.

You can select the Strategy drop-down to change the chart to show
company or program metrics. Refer to [Strategy](Strategy.md) for more
information about company and program strategies.

In the following example, you can see that 20% of the company-level
goals are in a status of “At Risk.”

You can click the number in the center of the chart to view the Goals
for the company or program selected.

![](Resources/Images/Strategy_Metrics_3.png)

### Initiative Status by Goal

You can view a percentage-based summary of the statuses of Initiatives
by Goal. This chart contains metrics for all goals across all programs.

You select a goal from the drop-down to see the statuses for the
Initiatives related to the goal. In the following example, you can see
that 67% of the initiatives related to the selected goal are in
progress.

![](Resources/Images/Strategy_Metrics_4.png)

You can click the number in the center of the chart to view the
Initiatives.

## Endorsement Status

The Endorsement Status chart provides a percentage-based summary of
where a company’s assets are within the endorsement workflow process.

The number in the center of the Endorsement Status chart is the total
number of assets in Entota™ that can be endorsed (Terms + Rules +
Policies).

The percentages represent the percent of each endorsement status that
exists.

In this chart you can view the following metrics:

  - % of Assets in “Candidate” endorsement status
  - % of Assets in “Review” endorsement status
  - % of Assets in “Accepted” endorsement status

In the following example, you can see that there are 66 total assets and
27% of those assets have been accepted.

![](Resources/Images/Endorsement_Status.png)

## Asset Totals

You can view the total number of each type of asset that is being
governed in the Entota™. You can view the number of new assets by asset
type that have been added during a selected period of time.

In the following example, you can see that of the 12453 terms that are
defined, 120 were added in the last seven days.

>**NOTE:** While the rest of the dashboard data and the number of added
assets is not updated in real time, the Asset Totals counts are updated
in real time. 

>**NOTE:** The asset added counts include assets that were added and
subsequently deleted in the timeframe selected.

![](Resources/Images/Asset_Totals.png)

The color code scheme in the headers for the Asset Totals section of the
dashboard matches the schema used in the Search Results page and Jump
to… options.

You can click the link for the added assets to view the new assets on
the Search Results page and from there you can open the detail for an
asset. If you open an added asset's detail page, and then navigate back
to the search results page, the search criteria is cleared and all
assets in Entota™ are displayed.

## Contributors

You can view an impact status value for contributors in the Entota™. The
contributor’s impact status is calculated based on the sum of created
assets and sum of the number of changes a contributor has made to
assets.

This information allows you to gauge the impact contributors are making
on the governance strategy.

The chart is sorted in alphabetical order by the last name of the
contributor. 

![](Resources/Images/Contributors.png)

## Recent Highlights

Here you can view assets that were recently Accepted or Contested. The
Recent Highlights table is sorted in descending order from latest to
earliest.

You can click an asset in the list to open the asset’s detail page.
